An exciting opportunity in the dynamic field of Finance for a master of machine learning and NLP. This is an opportunity to be a data scientist working on exciting capital markets projects into multiple asset classes, utilizing your technical expertise and resourcefulness.

LOCATION: Gurgaon

YOUR FUTURE EMPLOYER:

A leading, global firm with an illustrious range of financial and asset management services serving different market regions across the globe.

YOU WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR:

- Working into advance data analytics group in the field of big data infrastructure and machine learning algorithms

- Extensively involved in working on NLP and neural networks

- Working into capital markets and working on real time data like NEWS event, commentaries and Global markets current scenarios

- Handling big data and applying big data technologies like Hadoop, spark, hive etc.

- Supporting team members to create tools, solutions and machine elerning models on the larger data sets

Contribute to the development/ deployment of machine learning algorithms, operational research, semantic analysis, and statistical methods for finding structure in large data sets
Use advanced statistics and machine learning on large scale multidimensional data and generate actionable insights that will be leveraged to drive operations and develop strategies for Delhivery.
Breakdown business problems by working closely with Product Team and Leadership Management Team, analyze requirements and look into data to recommend products and solutions
Optimize Delhivery operations by applying data science in solving complex business problems
Collaborate with cross-functional teams including but not limited to Logistics, BD, Sales, Marketing, Security, Customer Service, etc.
Disseminate original research in peer reviewed journals and conferences.

Responsibilities:
Design systems and services that fulfill Delhiverys business requirements.
Breakdown business problems by working closely with Product Team and Leadership Management Team.
Guide and work closely with Data Science Team.
Optimize Delhivery operations by implementing data science in solving complex business problems. Run on field experiments and POCs to validate the solution.
How we get things done:
Work closely with PM Team to understand and analyze Requirements
Identify algorithms and machine learning techniques that should be applied to derive the solution for identified business problems.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams including but not limited to Logistics, BD, Sales, Marketing, Security, Customer Service, etc.
Functional Skills:
Machine Learning Techniques: 
Supervised Learning.
Unsupervised Learning.
Semi-Supervised Learning

An exciting opportunity in the dynamic field of Finance for a master of machine learning and NLP. This is an opportunity to be a data scientist working on exciting capital markets projects into multiple asset classes, utilizing your technical expertise and resourcefulness.

LOCATION:  

Gurgaon

