Accounting professional with 5-10 years of mix of experience in accounting discipline and working as a consultant to develop, modify, implement or analyse medium to large scale ERP/Accounting system.

A thorough working and implementation knowledge of the ERP system is a pre-requisite. 

Job Roles 
To work with a team of developers engaged in developing a new ERP/Accounting system. Using his/her knowledge and skills in accounting and other functional domains such as sales, purchasing, warehousing, he/she is required to perform a consulting role to ensure the development of an efficient and modern ERP system.

Experience of business blueprinting / consulting / UAT / delivery and support functions of any ERP domain (on premise and cloud based).
Finance background personnel will be preferred.
Thorough experience in any ERP implementations, should have analyzed and map client requirements to product and offer best suitable solutions.
In depth knowledge of all business operations with reference to ERP modules.
Must have handled/managed ERP projects.
Must have experience of at least 2 complete implementation cycles.
Should be ready to travel on project assignments in and outside India.
Must possess valid Indian passport.
Must have excellent interpersonal and communication skills.
Exposure to overseas project is a plus.
Must possess valid Indian passport.
Knowledge of agriculture and agribusiness is a plus.
Immediate joining preferred.

Understanding of business requirements
Mapping with the ERP solution as a fit or gap
Documentation of requirements, fit-gap
Configuration of the system as per requirements
Work with the technical team in customizing the system as per requirements.
Test the system and ensure its in line with the customers requirements.
Train the users in using the new system.
Help them perform UAT User Acceptance Testing
Support go-live activities
Hand-hold users after go-live

Understanding the business need of Customers
End to End experience in Implementation of Tally ERP 9 Software
Configuring various forms, process flows, ledgers, formats etc. as per the client need
Date Migration / Backup etc.
Draw various reports as per the need
Help End user in understanding of Tally Application
Training User on various modules of Tally
Support User and Tally Application by personal visit, on telephone, online etc. as per the need
Team handling and project management
Response to client as per the need

